on the price pressure it depends and optimal Bratislava distinguishes us from
from the beginning
have done good even better and both throughput and compresses
further optimized for our square bale Preston
Almost 30 years ago, the first square bale press left the factory in Hesse
and Nassau
This became the foundation for one of the most successful stories in the world
harvesting
and Steve create mother of all presses
due to decades of development and production experience
These are characterized by stability longevity and perfect technique
but that was the point where we say and
Although it was attacked then you drove on the iPhone
Euro happily raised the arm surprised what more power
food processor
that's how it goes
before fascinating
but since then I have to say
but really excited and have to this day
the truck driver was
Addresses stand for hard-pressed bales
one like the other perfectly shaped and evenly distributed
with about 20 percent more prestige per train
are pressed to about 20 percent less wine per hectare that is Jena
Erndtebrück defects between four and five lanes per hectare
the few approached collected transported and started
have to
So let's talk, we talk through doctors with candidates
even more
Ultimately, then I need fewer farmers to buy acres
Striking were suddenly no more performance what we really decide
By which way he is continuing the journey is very short
at times only a few hours and days
and what came from the factory
no matter how the use
the field is unique
whether in small areas and long distances or in large areas and
short distances Vario tugs and the five square bale press
not to beat
Robustness and high performance but above all the capacity and longevity
make sure that this press release can be on
but inherited
With the innovative lighting concept you can also use it at dusk or
Carry out the maintenance of the machine at night at any time
by the no alibi she is for her system inserting the 30th
Spools of thread are a breeze
Even after long days of use, the maintenance of the Fendt square bale press
no problem
The sealed bearings have kept the maintenance to a minimum
reduced at 250 working hours
at Fendt they have 44 Schmiedel
For comparison with the main competitor, they are 460 dwindling that's it
Ten times the time and snow instead
Fendt square balers compress high performance with absolute reliability
ca